          If  you’ve got three names and you’re famous
does that mean three times the amount of  fucking?
          I daydream about my ideal lovers and hearing
Cut! when the director tells us to switch positions
          on the set of our bedroom, and what’s a bigger
turn-on than someone saying your name under
          the covers--how about saying your name three
times, and oh,  fuck, fucking, fuckest--yeah that’s
          a superlative, like the Beetlejuice effect, only
freakier, like let’s get transported into the house
          I built in a simulation game where my avatar
seduced then killed the richest man for the sake
          of inheriting then remodeling his mansion into
her dream of glass windows in every room--

the pleasure of always watching what’s going
          on, and I swear, I’m a really nice girl. I really
am. Just say the magic word, and I’m all yours,
          and surveys reveal that the word lovers wished
their lovers said more is “please,” and I wonder
          if please is short for pleasure, as in eat your girl
right, as in I’ll order a clitty clitty bang bang at
          a midnight viewing, as in please let me put on
a show for you, as in I love any event with a ton
          of cameras, as in keep feeding me macarons
while you’re feeling me up in the bath, and if
          I was a celebrity, I’d tack my middle initial
K back into my name for extra effect, my secret

          K, as in Ka-Ying, as in white boys will you
stop calling me by my middle name because
          you think speaking Cantonese will bring us
closer, and it’s ironic how an actual lover
          adds in the K every time she says my full
name, and she says it with such authority it’s
          a turn-on, like, Baby, say my full name again
and I’ll record you, why don’t you, K? 
          K is for kink. K is for knot. K is for kissing,
K is for king. Crown me. And don’t fool me
          by saying Queen, because I know where all
my power lies. And K is for knock me down
          and pin me down on the grass, lover, because
you on me is the closest to nature I’m ever getting.